
Overview

A "Lifestyle" type application that lets you build and interact with a virtual planet. From solar system beginnings to a functional ecosystem with greenery and weather.


TO DOs:

Overall
Add ambient random music - choose "spacey" chords, grab the notes, play them randomly w. random timings

Planet Creation
If you throw the planet into the sun, it burns up. This happens in slow motion, and the camera zooms in, so you get the see the planet go "poof". Then you are left staring at the sun. - IMPROVE WITH SPRITES!
If you throw the planet off the screen, the camera follows it as it sails away. It also zooms in so you can see it slowly freeze solid. - MAKE THIS LOOK BETTER 
Add the "Epoch Clock" that gives you and idea of how long you have in each "stage of the game"

Planet Evolution
Get the continental drift portion working. 


Features:

Planet is effectively a deformable mesh floating in space
Ambient space enviroment with slick music and nifty sfx for events
Alter the look and geometry of the planet by throwing natural events at it
Drift moves continents and builds mountains
Floods raise water levels and bring down mountains, smooth terrain, etc
Comets cause craters and big damage
Perhaps put a simple atmosphere around it: cloud sprites, or a semitransparent haze
You can SAVE your planet to some binary format
EMAIL or SMS or something send planets to a friend
Add each others planets to your solar systems
Updates could somehow be sent between apps automatically


Ideas:

I should have some sort of "timer" on the top, maybe just a bar that fills up.  This would indicate how far along the current stage is.  When the bar is full, it would automatically advance to the next stage.

If we are going to have the planet freeze, or change color depending on distance, we need to get that in and see how it looks.
Planet needs to change color immediately depending upon distance

Should the camera automatically zoom in & out if you get your planet orbit nearing the 'edge' of the current visible orbit?

